
Main programming language: Ruby
Secondary: Javascript

---

h3. Majour open source projects (libraries, ruby gems)

- "guard-concat":https://github.com/makevoid/guard-concat
- "rack-tidy-ffi":https://github.com/makevoid/rack-tidy-ffi
- "blizz":https://github.com/makevoid/blizz


h3. Majour open source projects (apps)

- "thorrents":http://thorrents.com (search "!thorrents debian":https://duckduckgo.com/?q=!thorrents+debian on duckduckgo)
- "s3play":http://s3play.it (s3 based html5 ember player) 
- "image_motion":https://github.com/makevoid/image_motion (rubymotion ipad app)


h3. Majour personal projects

- "skicams":http://skicams.it -  website, api + "iOS app in Obj-C":https://itunes.apple.com/it/app/skicams/id353834920?mt=8 free app ("v1 and v1.1":https://itunes.apple.com/it/app/skicams/id353834920?mt=8), 18k unique downloads from itunes app store, italian market
- "sinforum":http://github.com/makevoid/sinforum - fast ruby forum made with Sinatra and DataMapper

Find a list here: "makevoid.com/open":http://makevoid.com/open
and check the latest here: https://github.com/makevoid?tab=repositories

especially "bitcoin_exchange":github.com/makevoid/bitcoin_exchange


h3. Speaking

Conferences where I spoke:
- RubyDay 2013 - "Code it from scratch":http://cifs.mkvd.net/  - (use arrows to navigate)

Lighting talks: 

- "RailsBerry 2012":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1wlZ2hMZqo

User groups where did a presentation:

- A) Florence On Ruby, Cantiere Creativo, Firenze, Italy (http://flor.usergroupp.com/ - http://florenceonruby.it/)

- "Fivetastic":https://github.com/makevoid/fivetastic_presentation
- "Ruby 2.0":https://github.com/makevoid/presentations 
- "Ember.js":https://github.com/makevoid/s3play  (live coded the prototype of s3play, see first commits)

- B) meetup before JRuby conf '13 event at Oracle building, Tokyo, Japan


Attended ~40 dev conferences: "lanyrd.com:makevoid":http://lanyrd.com/profile/makevoid/


h3. Programming languages

- Ruby
- Javascript
- HTML, CSS (Haml and Sass)
- Coffeescript
- Rubymotion (iOS)
- JRuby (cross platform swing apps)
- GTK js (gnome)
- Bash scripting


h3. Roles that suit me:

- Full-stack developer
- Backend developer
- Web apps developer
- Mobile apps developer
- Front-end engineer


h3. Skills related to webdev

- System administration and dev ops
- Frontend Design
- UI & UX
- Brand creation, domain registration and management
- SEO, FB campaigns, audience targeting, viral marketing strategies


h3. Skills loosely related to programming / webdev

- Arduino
- 3D Printers (Assistance HW & SW, Calibration, Research and Building - open source contributions: both on 3d modeled and printed "hardware parts":https://github.com/makevoid/RepRap_3DM1 and "software":https://github.com/makevoid/3DM_Marlin_firmware (3d printing firmware code)
- 3D Modeling (Sketchup, OpenSCAD and a bit of Blender)
- 2D Graphic software: GIMP, Pixelmator, Inkscape
- Small business management
- Basic electrical engineering
- Sensors, motors, actuators, related to home automation and similar
- Solar power photovoltaic systems (photovoltaic system web monitoring [via mmpt charge controller with ethernet port], data gathering and optimization, basic solar tracking, battery charge optimization)


h3. Skills not related to programming

- "photography":https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10201691996161191&set=a.10200114785451909.2197465.1218562195&type=1&theater 
- videomaking + music + video editing ("time lapse 1":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Y-d0XWGfxs - "time lapse 2":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqjg5LWD6dE)


---

this resume is open source at http://github.com/makevoid/resume
featuring textile and gh-pages
main tool: an editor and http://borgar.github.io/textile-js/
